
1.Partner will promote Ampere Media's offers via on-site campaign.

2.Only approved creative and unique URL provided by Ampere Media will be used. Any revisions 
made by Partner must be approved by Ampere Media prior to campaign execution and/or prior to 
posting the affected copy/graphics.

3.Users that select the Ampere Media offer will be linked to its web site, where they will 
sign up for an offer of their choice.

4.Ampere Media will conduct this campaign on a revenue share basis.  Partner will be paid 50% 
of Commissionable Revenue received from valid leads.

5.Commissionable Revenue is defined as revenue actually received by Ampere Media for valid 
leads generated under this Insertion Order.  Adjustments for returns will be made as incurred.

6.A valid lead shall be defined as:
-  a U.S. user who selects and successfully completes a request for one or more offers; 
-  submits data, including but not limited to first and last names, email address, and postal 
address within the continental United States; and,
-  provides accurate postal address as verified by USPS Coding Accuracy Support System (CASS) 
software.
-  Data submitted on sweepstakes alternate entry forms do not count as a valid lead.

7.Ampere Media will have a 5,000-lead cap per month on this order.  Partner shall not surpass 
this limit without prior, written authorization from Ampere Media.

8.Partner will be provided links to online reporting.

9.All billing will be based on the Ampere Media reporting system. Total billable is reported 
on or about the first day of each month for the previous month. Payment terms are net 30 days 
from date on invoice.

10.Either party may cancel this contract with or without cause by providing a twenty-four (24)
hour advanced written notice.  Fax and/or email notices are acceptable.

11.All terms contained in this Insertion Order are confidential, binding, and constitute and 
incorporate the parties' entire agreement. Such terms shall prevail and supersede any and all 
prior oral and written agreements and understandings.

<footer>
